{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2580
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Arial-ItalicMT;\f2\fswiss\fcharset0 Arial-BoldMT;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red234\green234\blue234;\red20\green19\blue21;\red75\green154\blue255;
}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c93333\c93333\c93333;\cssrgb\c10196\c9804\c10980;\cssrgb\c35686\c67843\c100000;
}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{circle\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid2\'01\uc0\u9702 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li1440\lin1440 }{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sa400\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs60 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Creating a candlestick chart\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs54 \cf2 Objective\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl450\partightenfactor0

\fs30 \cf2 \cb3 To generate a candlestick chart using 
\f1\i Plotly
\f0\i0  with the historical data of the Commonwealth Bank's stock in December 2023. \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs42 \cf2 \cb3 Instructions:\cb1 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl450\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0
\fs30 \cf2 \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	1.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Access the provided spreadsheet containing the historical data of the Commonwealth Bank's stock (HistoricalPricesCBA.csv), which is provided for December 2023.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \
\ls1\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	2.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Utilise Plotly's functionalities to create a candlestick chart using the prepared dataset. Refer to the Plotly documentation on candlestick charts provided in the link above. 
\f1\i Hint
\f0\i0 : using the sample code under 'Simple Candlestick with pandas\'92 and \'91Adding Customised Text and Annotations\'92 here ({\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://plotly.com/python/candlestick-charts/"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 https://plotly.com/python/candlestick-charts/}}) would be particularly helpful.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \
\ls1\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	3.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 While replicating the code for the new candlestick chart, ensure that the column names correspond accurately to Plotly's requirements for the candlestick chart's creation.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \
\ls1\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	4.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2  Customise the candlestick chart by adding a title called 'CBA Stock Prices (Candlestick Chart)', and label the vertical and horizontal axes as \'91CBA Stock\'92 and \'91Price\'92 respectively.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \
\pard\tx940\tx1440\pardeftab720\li1440\fi-1440\sl450\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl1\cf2 \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u9702 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 If you get stuck, refer to "main_solved.ipynb" to help with coding in "main.ipynb."\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl450\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Note: To complete this activity click the 
\f2\b Submit/Mark
\f0\b0  button in the bottom right corner. These activities are for 
\f2\b your own practice
\f0\b0  in a coding environment and are not assessed. If you have any questions about an activity, please ask your facilitator in a live session or on the Discussion board. \cb1 \
}